well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we are going to talk
about Fort Hood Texas specialist Vanessa
Guillen and what happens next what
should happen next
anyway when this first happened I had a
couple of people reach out and ask me to
do a video on it I didn't for a reason
I'm about to explain there are two
phases to this and the second phase
might slow down the first phase the main
reason I didn't want to do it is that
army investigators are really good we've
talked about it before normal law
enforcement runs closure rates from the
teens to like sixty percent military
investigators run them in the 90s I
wasn't worried about them not finding
out what happened they're just slow but
that's why their closure rates are so
high I want to say they did three
hundred interviews totaling like ten
thousand hours or something they're very
methodical and it's very tedious so it
takes a long a lot of time and the one
thing that would slow them down even
more is political pressure but the
actual crime and if you don't know what
happened a soldier at Fort Hood turned
up missing and then her body was found
and the story that goes along with it
the story itself merits an investigation
and that requires some political
pressure one of the key elements is that
she wanted to report harassment but was
afraid of retribution so she didn't that
that's part of the storyline that
shouldn't happen anymore
the US military has made huge strides
over the last ten years in regards to
that exact topic if those policies
aren't being followed weren't being
followed at Fort Hood
her command felled her if her commander
knew and didn't act if her command had a
suspicion and didn't tell the
investigators the second they showed up
hey you need to be looking at this guy
we need to know it may turn out that her
command did not fail her but we don't
know and this isn't the civilian world
we don't have to accept that as an
answer I don't know doesn't cut it
there's a thing called the Senate Armed
Services Committee they can launch an
investigation into this and they can
find out exactly how one of our soldiers
was left twisting in the wind so that
needs to happen by the time y'all watch
this I will have tweeted out all of
their Twitter handles and all of that
stuff and either in the description or
the first pent comment below will will
have a link that has all of their names
and if you scroll all the way to the
bottom and very small print you will
find a phone number the good news is
that we have strong allies on this
committee people that would be
interested in finding out what happened
Elizabeth Warren Tammy Duckworth
and as much as I dragged him on Twitter
constantly I think Senator Tom cotton
would actually be very interested in
this so those would be the three that I
reach out to if you if one of your
Senators isn't on the list but it would
not surprise me to find out that they've
already decided to hold hearings and
conduct an investigation a little bit of
public support for that may go a long
way though so still contact them tweet
them reach out to them on social media
call them whatever we can't let this
this story fade away because there are a
lot of questions and I waited before
making a video I waited to find out what
we could I have more questions than I
have answers not just about her command
but they're saying this occurred in an
armory and nobody knew
that should be really unlikely there's a
if that's the case we have to assume
that everything there is not secured we
need to know what went down here beyond
just the you know the bare bones of the
actual crime because there there are a
lot of things that should have been in
place that should have prevented this
because the stories that we we have to
go on they're not telling enough they're
not giving us a clear picture and we
need one the US military for years was
was moving ahead on this and it seems
like in the last two or three years that
has gone to the wayside and we need to
know why III so I just I don't want this
story to fade away simply because the
crime itself was solved because that is
only half of this story we need we need
congressional hearings on this anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good night